[12.x] Improve Queues and Horizon documentation (#10596)
laravel/docs: queues.md

}
```

> Releasing an overlapping job back onto the queue will still increment the job's total number of attempts. You may wish to tune your `tries` and `maxExceptions` properties on your job class accordingly. For exemple, leaving the `tries` property to 1 as it is by default would prevent any overlapping job to be retried later.

Reviewer: spelling:

```suggestion
Releasing an overlapping job back onto the queue will still increment the job's total number of attempts. You may wish to tune your `tries` and `maxExceptions` properties on your job class accordingly. For example, leaving the `tries` property to 1 as it is by default would prevent any overlapping job to be retried later.
```

<a name="max-attempts"></a>
#### Max Attempts

> If one of your queued jobs is encountering an error, you likely do not want it to keep retrying indefinitely. Therefore, Laravel provides various ways to specify how many times or for how long a job may be attempted.

Author: This section was confusing to me, as it mixed errors and attempts, so I tried to explain as clearly as possible what an ‘attempt’ is.

<a name="max-attempts"></a>
#### Max Attempts

Job attempts are a core concept of Laravel's queue system and power many advanced features. While they may seem confusing at first, it's important to understand how they work before modifying the default configuration.

> When a job is dispatched, it is pushed onto the queue. A worker then picks it up and attempts to execute it, this is known as a job attempt.

Reviewer: grammar:

```suggestion
When a job is dispatched, it is pushed onto the queue. A worker then picks it up and attempts to execute it. This is known as a job attempt.
```

> However, an attempt does not necessarily mean the job’s handle method was executed. Attempts can be consumed in several ways:

Reviewer: apostrophe character:

```suggestion
However, an attempt does not necessarily mean the job's handle method was executed. Attempts can be consumed in several ways:
```

> - The job's `handle` method runs and completes without throwing an exception.
> - The job encounters an unhandled exception during execution.
> - The job timed out.
> - The job is manually released back to the queue using `$this->release()`.

Reviewer 2: Super nit: sort in ascending for prettiness:

```suggestion
- The job timed out.
- The job encounters an unhandled exception during execution.
- The job is manually released back to the queue using `$this->release()`.
- The job's `handle` method runs and completes without throwing an exception.
```

- Middleware such as `WithoutOverlapping` or `RateLimited` fails to acquire a lock and releases the job.

> You likely do not want it to keep retrying indefinitely a job. Therefore, Laravel provides various ways to specify how many times or for how long a job may be attempted.

Reviewer: grammar:

```suggestion
You likely do not want it to keep retrying a job indefinitely. Therefore, Laravel provides various ways to specify how many times or for how long a job may be attempted.
```

> You likely do not want it to keep retrying a job indefinitely. Therefore, Laravel provides various ways to specify how many times or for how long a job may be attempted.

Reviewer 2: It might be worth adjusting this wording to `attempting` instead of `retrying`? Thoughts?

```suggestion
You likely do not want to keep attempting a job indefinitely. Therefore, Laravel provides various ways to specify a limit.
```

Author: Yes. I've adjusted the section accordingly!

> [!NOTE]

> > By default, Laravel will only attempt a job once. If your job uses middleware like `WithoutOverlapping` or `RateLimited`, or if you're manually releasing jobs, you’ll likely need to increase the number of allowed attempts.

Reviewer: apostrophe character:

```suggestion
> By default, Laravel will only attempt a job once. If your job uses middleware like `WithoutOverlapping` or `RateLimited`, or if you're manually releasing jobs, you'll likely need to increase the number of allowed attempts.
```

> > By default, Laravel will only attempt a job once. If your job uses middleware like `WithoutOverlapping` or `RateLimited`, or if you're manually releasing jobs, you'll likely need to increase the number of allowed attempts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By default, Laravel will only attempt a job once. If your job uses middleware like `WithoutOverlapping` or `RateLimited`, or if you're manually releasing jobs, you'll likely need to increase the number of allowed attempts via the `tries` option.
```

> [!WARNING]
> A new instance of the job is instantiated before invoking the `failed` method; therefore, any class property modifications that may have occurred within the `handle` method will be lost.

> A failed job is not necessarily one that encountered an unhandled exception. A job is considered failed when it has exhausted all of its allowed attempts. These attempts can be consumed in several ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A failed job is not necessarily one that encountered an unhandled exception. A job may also be considered failed when it has exhausted all of its allowed attempts. These attempts can be consumed in several ways:
```

> - The job encounters an unhandled exception during execution.
> - The job timed out.

Reviewer 2: Super nit: sort in ascending for prettiness:

```suggestion
- The job timed out.
- The job encounters an unhandled exception during execution.
```
